Read meta::pure::functions::date::firstDayOfYear as a Date function (#2886)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/curly-cars-burn.md

---
'@finos/legend-query-builder': patch
---

> Read meta::pure::functions::date::firstDayOfYear as a Date function

Reviewer: lets update this to include the month function we including

> Read meta::pure::functions::date::firstDayOfYear as a Date function

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Read `meta::pure::functions::date::firstDayOfYear` and `meta::pure::functions::date::firstDayOfMonth` as a Date functions
````
